Level

There is a city built on the warm shores of the west coast called Hungery. The clean windows of the tall buildings that line the shore reflect the bright blue color of the ocean. Purple mountains to the east shield the city from the rest of the world. Known for its green parks, magnificent structures, and abundance of attractions, services and stores, Hungery is considered an essential place to go for visitors of the west.

Docks full of activity make up the western edge of the city. To the north are the parks and some open space for those who want to escape the crowds and noise of Central Hungery. To the east, there are homes, suburbs, and apartments. Central Hungery is where most of the fun and business can be found.

As for the south, to many people, it doesn't exist, but it actually does, and it is a more industrial part of town. Because of its dark corners and many empty spaces between buildings, the homeless of Hungery have tended to gather and find their places there.

But don't mind the south side of Hungery. The air is less clean and company is less decent down there.


Character

Jim was a Hungerian hobo. Yes, he was hungry, but also he lived in the city called Hungery. Jim thought life was simple as a hobo: Find food, eat, find water, drink, sleep. Sometimes he wondered if it would be better to have a lot of money so he could buy nice things and food, but that would mean having a job and lots of responsibility, things Jim shied away from. So whenever he wondered about that, he quickly dropped the idea.

So each day was fairly similar to any other. But on one unfortunate day, Jim lost his mind to a bad batch of discarded leftovers in the dumpster behind Gary's Grill. The expired beef unsurprisingly left Jim's stomach sore as he walked back to his hole down south that he called home base. When Jim finally reached his little hideout, his mind became hazy, and he fainted, and strange dreams overcame him.

The next morning, he awoke, with thoughts of a thing called the Food Tree that he believed would manifest itself to any worthy hobo. As Jim lived, he made it his ultimate goal to find that Food Tree from which the most tasty food was grown. Then he would be the happiest he had ever been. He only had to find out how to become worthy of the Food Tree.